Successfully extracted 28824 characters of text.

First 1000 characters:
--------------------------------------------------
This is Part A of the course outline, which is specific to OBHR 674 .    MMgmt   |    1 
Please ensure you review Part B for policies and procedures applicable to all Haskayne graduate  courses.  
  
 
 
 
 
 
OBHR 674 L01 & L02  
Advanced Human Resource Management   
 
Course Outline  Part A  – Winter 2025  
 
Instructor  Audrey J. Farrier , B.A., MSc.  
Telephone  Please contact me by email  
Office  By appointment  only  
Email  ajfarrie@ucalgary.ca  
Office hours  By appointment only  
Website  http:// d2l.ucalgary.ca  
Lecture location  MTH 445  
Lecture times  March 3 till April 11, 2025  
L01: 09 :00-11:50 a.m.  
L02:  14:00 -16:50 p.m.  
  
Discussion/Tutorial  
March 10 till April 11, 2025 
L01: 08 :00-08:50 a.m.  
L02:  13:00-13:50 p.m.  
 
Course 
Description  For businesses to thrive, an understanding of the management of human resources is absolutely 
essential. A successful business is contingent on developing more than just technical skills. Developing skills  and tools 
--------------------------------------------------

Searching for assessment sections...

Found 'assessment' at position 4090:
tlined for each  individual  course assignment or assessment.  The use of GAI 
tools must be referenced and cited following these citation instructions .  

This is Part A of the course outline, which is specific to OBHR 674 .    MMgmt   |    3 
Please ensure you review Part B for policies and procedures applicable to all Haskayne graduate  courses.  
  
When using GAI, be mindful of privacy and security issues and bias within the systems. Any us

Found 'assignments' at position 9566:
ness to students who complete work on time, class assignments submitted after the due 
date will be subject to a penalty of 10%  per full or partial day, including weekends and holidays. 
Note that an assignment submitted five or more days after the due date will be assigned a grade 
of 0.  
Students must follow the guidelines outlined in Part B  of the outline to request a deferral for 
missed work during the term . 
 If there are any circumstan

Found 'deliverables' at position 11352:
 in class is necessary . Each 
exercise will have deliverables (usually written) at the end of the class or tutorial.  Students or 
groups will comple te these in class assignments and submit or upload the required documents 
unto D2L as evidence of participation at the end of the class  or tutorial. For some of these 
exercises, you'll also participate in peer assessment s, which will enable you to see how fellow 
learners approached the same ch

Found 'evaluation' at position 14980:
veloping a Training Design Plan Exercise  
3. Job Evaluation Exercise  
4. Performance Appraisal Exercise  
5. Grievance Arbitration Exercise   
6. Safety  Audit Exercise  

This is Part A of the course outline, which is specific to OBHR 674 .    MMgmt   |    7 
Please ensure you review Part B for policies and procedures applicable to all Haskayne graduate  courses.  
   Group Project #2: Th e Value of HRM (Super 7 Framework)  
The Super 7 Framew

Found 'grading' at position 18282:
s of 
faculty can and should use wri ting and the grading thereof as a factor in the evaluation of 
student work. The services provided by the Writing Support, part of the Student Success Centre, can be accessed  by all undergraduate and graduate students who feel they require further 
assistance.  In this course, your writing will be assessed as part of your grade in the following 
assessments:  
 1. Individual Assignment # 1: Culture of Diversi

Found 'course requirements' at position 8176:
graduate level and cannot be 
counted toward the 
course requirements.  C ≥ 60.0  2.0 
C- ≥ 55.0  1.7 
D+ ≥ 52.0  1.3 
D ≥ 50.0  1.0 
F ≥ 0% 0 
  Note : See the “ Academic Standing” section of the Faculty of Graduate Studies Calendar 
regarding grades less than B- . 
The Associate Dean (Professional Graduate Programs may determine that grades are too high 
and may override the grades of the instructor. The grade distributions for class must be ch

Looking for specific exercise types...

Found 'exercise' at position 5383:
p.m. for L02. During these sessions, students will engage in group work, discussions, and 
complete exercises.  
 
This class relies heavily on experiential learning. Unlike the traditional lecture method, the 
experiential learning requires more meaningful involvement of students in the class (but also results in more fun and “sticky learning”). You are expected to be an active participant in the

Found 'exercise' at position 9080:
Job Analysis  25% 1,2,3,4,6  
Soft copy due in D2L 
following each week’s class or 
tutorial  Group Exercises  #1 
 15% 1,2,3,4,5,6  
Soft copy due in D2L 
Dropbox April 10, 
2025, 11:59 MDT  Group Project # 2: The Value 
of HRM (Super 7 
Framework)  25% 1,2,3,4,5,6  

This is Part A of the course outline, which is specific to OBHR 674 .    MMgmt   |    5 
Please ensure you review Part B for polic

Found 'exercise' at position 10312:
always 
happy to assist you in any way I can.  
  
Class 
Activities, 
Discussion,  
Case 
Studies, exercises,  
role plays, 
discussion 
board  
 Throughout the course, you will be encouraged to think creatively about how to use ideas and theories to develop insight about HR practices in organizations. The primary way of doing this is 
during our class discussions and, in preparation for these di

Found 'project' at position 5152:
sessment schedule and on students’ ability to manage their time. The instruction and rubric for the project will be po sted on D2L . 
 The course tutorial sessions are scheduled from 8:00 am to 8:50 a. m. for L01 and 13:00- 13:50 
p.m. for L02. During these sessions, students will engage in group work, discussions, and 
complete exercises.  
 
This class relies heavily on experiential learning. Un

Found 'project' at position 9178:
p Exercises  #1 
 15% 1,2,3,4,5,6  
Soft copy due in D2L 
Dropbox April 10, 
2025, 11:59 MDT  Group Project # 2: The Value 
of HRM (Super 7 
Framework)  25% 1,2,3,4,5,6  

This is Part A of the course outline, which is specific to OBHR 674 .    MMgmt   |    5 
Please ensure you review Part B for policies and procedures applicable to all Haskayne graduate  courses.  
  
 Total  100%   
 
 
Missed 


Found 'project' at position 14189:
id you  Delete (and why)?  You will reconstruct 
the job posting based on your analysis.  
 
Group 
Project  
  Group Exercises #1:  
Your group will complete a  series of exercises designed to offer you  practice in HRM . The 
exercises will be largely completed during the tutorial/discussion time frames, although the exercise will be explained and, at times, started /finished during class , usua

Found 'presentation' at position 22629:
EPTABLE  EXEMPLARY  
Organization  The student communicates 
with little or no cohesion 
during the presentation. The student has little or no ability to communicate 
relationship to overall 
presentation goals.  The student has basic 
structure and opening statement relevant to the topic and overall presentation goals. The 
student gives outline of 
speech. The student is mostly organized and foc

Found 'presentation' at position 22721:
ing the presentation. The student has little or no ability to communicate 
relationship to overall 
presentation goals.  The student has basic 
structure and opening statement relevant to the topic and overall presentation goals. The 
student gives outline of 
speech. The student is mostly organized and focused 
throughout.  The student has a clear 
opening statement that catches audience’s intere

Found 'presentation' at position 22831:
on goals.  The student has basic 
structure and opening statement relevant to the topic and overall presentation goals. The 
student gives outline of 
speech. The student is mostly organized and focused 
throughout.  The student has a clear 
opening statement that catches audience’s interest and maintains a well-organized structure 
throughout the presentation. 
The student stays focused throughou

Found 'paper' at position 15880:
red in the course . This assignment can be developed as 
a power point with accompanying notes or a paper 2000 -2500 words.  
 You will complete each assignment individually except for the Group Exercises and Group 
Project*. You must use and cite course material ( text, assigned  readings , class material and 
discussions) and peer -reviewed academic journals as your primary sources, and, if desi

Found 'paper' at position 16246:
your primary sources, and, if desired, 
external references (blogs, professional newsletters, white papers, opinion pieces, company 
websites) no more than 3 0% of total volume of references as a foundation for your analyses 
within each of your assignments. APA style is to be used consistently throughout each 
assignment. Instructions and  Rubrics for each assignment are posted in D2L.  
 
 Note:

Found 'report' at position 21370:
 prepared 
for each group meeting.  Follows up on ideas and 
suggestions from previous meetings and reports findings to the group  
Balance between 
task and interpersonal relations  Focuses exclusively on task to 
be accomplished without regard to team members or focuses exclusively on interpersonal relations 
without regard to task  Balances the need for task 
accomplishment with the needs of in

Found 'case' at position 3719:
 a few  readings . (These articles 
will be posted on D2L ).  
  
In class, we will engage in a few Case Studies and HR practices to illustrate concepts and apply 
them to real business situations. Students will need to read and prepare to discuss/engage in 
these activities before and after each class.  
 
Students may use generative AI (GAI) tools in this course in accordance with the instructio

Found 'case' at position 10297:
e course. I am always 
happy to assist you in any way I can.  
  
Class 
Activities, 
Discussion,  
Case 
Studies, exercises,  
role plays, 
discussion 
board  
 Throughout the course, you will be encouraged to think creatively about how to use ideas and theories to develop insight about HR practices in organizations. The primary way of doing this is 
during our class discussions and, in preparati

Found 'case' at position 10678:
s and, in preparation for these discus sions, thinking critically about 
the relevant readings, and case studies. A ttend  all classes,  be well prepared, and participate 
regularly in class activities and exercises . There will be many opportunities for discussions and 
activities, and the learning potential comes from everyone’s contributions.  
Students are expected to read the assigned text ch

Found 'quiz' at position 6545:
y reading the textbook may not be provided in class. However, this material will be co vered on the quizzes. Lectures will focus on the material 
presented in the textbook and general discussion and practices relating to the topic(s) outlined 
in the lecture schedule. If you are unsure of any of the concepts, please take the initiative to ask 
the instructor during clas s. 
 Important information 

Found 'exam' at position 6334:
 be easily learned by reading the textbook and ass igned articles may 
not be covered in class. For example, term definitions, facts, and other simple material from the 
textbook that you can learn on your own by reading the textbook may not be provided in class. However, this material will be co vered on the quizzes. Lectures will focus on the material 
presented in the textbook and general discu

Found 'exam' at position 15614:
the employee. As a group you will  act 
as a consultancy team to prepare,  explain and support with examples and references, the role of 
Human Resource Management (HRM) in supporting each of these seven categories using the 
concepts, theories and practices as covered in the course . This assignment can be developed as 
a power point with accompanying notes or a paper 2000 -2500 words.  
 You wil

Found 'exam' at position 26762:
n personal 
and external evidence; reasoning flawed  Supports the majority of 
ideas with effective examples, references, and details; makes key distinctions  Explores ideas vigorously; 
supports points fully using a balance of subjective and objective evidence; reasons effectively, making useful 
distinctions  
Purpose  The purpose and focus of 
the writing are not clear to the reader  The writer
